Add v1.14.3 release notes and align CI to other release branches (#104)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-monitoring: docs/releases/v1.14.3.md

> # Monitoring Core Module version v1.14.3.

Reviewer: to fix linting:
```suggestion
# Monitoring Core Module version v1.14.3
```

| `grafana`             | [`v8.3.3`](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/releases/tag/v8.3.3)                           | `No update`      |
| `goldpinger`          | [`v3.3.0`](https://github.com/bloomberg/goldpinger/releases/tag/v3.3.0)                      | `No update`      |
| `kube-rbac-proxy`     | [`v0.11.0`](https://github.com/brancz/kube-rbac-proxy/releases/tag/v0.11.0)                  | `No update`      |
| `kube-state-metrics`  | [`v2.3.0`](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/releases/tag/v2.3.0)             | `No update`      |
| `node-exporter`       | [`v1.3.1`](https://github.com/prometheus/node_exporter/releases/tag/v1.3.1)                  | `No update`      |
| `metrics-server`      | [`0.5.2`](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server/releases/tag/v0.5.2)             | `No update`      |
| `thanos`              | [`v0.24.0`](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/releases/tag/v0.24.0)                        | `No update`      |
| `x509-exporter`       | [`v2.12.1`](https://github.com/enix/x509-certificate-exporter/releases/tag/v2.12.1)          | `No update`      |

> > Please refer the individual release notes to get a detailed info on the
> > releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please refer to the individual release notes to get more detailed information on each release.
```

### Bug Fixes

- [#101](sighupio/fury-kubernetes-monitoring#101) Fix an issue with the default Alertmanager template and with alerts annotations.

## Update Guide 🦮

### Process

> To upgrade this core module from `v1.14.2` to `v1.14.3`, you need to download this new version, then apply the
> `kustomize` project. No further action is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade this core module from `v1.14.2` to `v1.14.3`, you need to download this new version, and then apply the `kustomize` project. No further action is required.
```
